nd-mcp add claude cli cmd for adding netdata mcp (#20440)
netdata/netdata: src/web/mcp/README.md

For [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code), add to your project's root, the file `.mcp.json`, with the contents given above. This file will be automatically detected by Claude Code the next time it starts in that directory.

> Alternativley you can add using a claude cli command like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can add it using a Claude CLI command like this:
```
